We are taking feedback on the following agreement. Please let us know via [GitHub issues](https://www.github.com/creativecommons/list/issues) if you have any feedback.

# Tech Contributor Agreement for The List Powered by Creative Commons

This Tech Contributor AgreementÂ is intended to ensure that Creative
Commons and its developer community can work together to build
software supporting the mission of Creative Commons that can be freely
reused. To that end, in order to become and remain a code contributor
to The List Powered by Creative Commons ("The List Project"), you must
indicate that you agree to the terms of this Tech Contributor
Agreement by sending signed acceptance to Creative Commons as directed
below.

## Definitions

* Code: means software source code.

* Content: means documentation, artwork, or other copyrightable
material that is not Code.

* You: means the individual or entity entering into this Tech
Contributor Agreement. "Your" has a corresponding meaning.

## Agreement

* 1. Your Original Code and Content: Creative Commons commits to
licensing The List Project under a GPL-compatible copyleft license. As
of 4 December 2014, The List Project is available under the GNU Affero
General Public License v.3 or later. In order to retain the
flexibility to change the license to another GPL-compatible copyleft
license in the future, Creative Commons needs to own the copyright in
all Code and Content You create and contribute to The List Project,
including all past and future changes and/or enhancements you identify
as being intentionally contributed to The List Project (collectively,
"Your Original Contributions").

a) You hereby agree to assign and do hereby irrevocably assign to
Creative Commons Your copyright in Your Original Contributions. To the
fullest extent possible (but not in contravention of applicable law),
You hereby waive all claims to moral rights in any of Your Original
Contributions. The intention of CC and You is that this document will
be supplemented rarely, if at all, by other documents, but You agree
to execute any additional documents necessary to perfect, evidence, or
otherwise document this assignment and waiver.

b) Creative Commons agrees to grant and does hereby grant You a
non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to use Your Original
Contributions for any purpose. This license grant back to You does not
limit the copyright assignment to Creative Commons in 1(a).

c) Creative Commons has all the rights of a copyright owner in the
assigned copyrights, subject to the license grant back to You in 1(b).
In exchange, Creative Commons agrees to apply only GPL-compatible
copyleft licenses to Your Original Contributions and any works owned
by Creative Commons that are based on Your Contributions.

d) You warrant that You are the sole copyright owner of Your Original
Contributions, and Your Original Contributions do not violate the
copyright or other legal rights of any person or entity, including
Your employer or academic institution. You further warrant that, to
the best of Your knowledge, Your Original Contributions do not violate
the patent rights of any person or entity. You agree to hold Creative
Commons harmless for any damages arising from a breach of this
warranty by You.

* 2. Third Party Code or Content: If You want to contribute Code or
Content created by someone other than You ("Third Party Code" and/or
"Third Party Content"), You must agree to and comply with the
following requirements.

a) Contributions of Third Party Code will be accepted on a
case-by-case basis in CC's sole discretion, and only under limited
circumstances. In all cases, You may only submit Third Party Code for
consideration if it is available under one of the licenses on
[this list](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html),
which are those deemed compatible with the AGPL by the Free Software
Foundation.

b) You may contribute Third Party Content if it is available under CC
BY 4.0 or CC0 (or is otherwise in the public domain).

c) Regardless of whether the license on the Third Party Code or Third
Party Content requires such information to be retained, You must
prominently mark it to identify its source, its author, and its
licensing information.

d) By contributing Third Party Code and/or Third Party Content, You
warrant that You have the right to contribute it to The List Project
under these terms, and that, to the best of Your knowledge, the
contribution does not violate the copyright, patent, or other legal
rights of any person or entity.

* 3. If You become aware of any information or circumstance that affects
Your ability to comply with Your obligations under this Tech
Contributor Agreement, such as learning that Third Party Code You
contributed may infringe the rights of another individual or entity,
You are obligated to inform Creative Commons promptly by sending an
email to <legal@creativecommons.org>.

## Agreement and Withdrawal

We will use the email address You provide below to send You important
notifications and ask questions about Your contributions. You are
responsible for keeping this address up-to-date.

If You no longer wish to participate under the terms of this Tech
Contributor Agreement for any reason, You may stop making
contributions at any time. Similarly, Creative Commons may terminate
this Agreement with You at any time, for any reason. You may not
withdraw Your Original Contributions.

You must indicate Your express agreement with this Tech Contributor
Agreement by printing and signing this agreement, and returning a
scanned copy via email to <legal@creativecommons.org>.

* Full legal name:

* Date of birth: 

* Email address: 

* Signature: 

* Date:
