We are taking feedback on the following agreement. Please let us know via [GitHub issues](https://www.github.com/creativecommons/list/issues) if you have any feedback.

# Tech Contributor Agreement for The List Powered by Creative Commons

This Tech Contributor Agreement is intended to ensure that Creative Commons and its developer community can work together to build software supporting the mission of Creative Commons that can be freely reused. To that end, in order to become and remain a code contributor to The List Powered by Creative Commons (“The List Project”), you must indicate that you agree to the terms of this Tech Contributor Agreement in the text of your initial pull-request to The List Project. Then we’ll know you’re interested and add you to the project.

## Definitions

* Code: means software source code.

* Content: means documentation, artwork, or other copyrightable
material that is not Code.

* You: means the individual or entity entering into this Tech
Contributor Agreement. "Your" has a corresponding meaning.

## Agreement

(1) Your Original Code and Content: If you want to contribute Code and Content that You created to The List Project (“Original Code” and/or “Original Content” and collectively, “Your Original Contributions”), you must agree to and comply with the following requirements. 

>a) You retain any copyright that you have in Your Original Contributions. Your Original Code must be licensed under the GNU Affero General Public license version 3 with support for later versions or, in the case of trivial snippets of code, dedicated to the public domain using CC0. Your Original Content must be licensed CC BY 4.0 or dedicated to the public domain using CC0. 

>b) To the fullest extent possible, You hereby waive all claims to moral rights in any of Your Original Contributions. 

>c) Your Original Contributions must be marked with licensing information. 

>d) You warrant that You are the sole copyright owner of Your Original Contributions, and Your Original Contributions do not violate the copyright or other legal rights of any person or entity, including Your employer or academic institution. You further warrant that, to the best of Your knowledge, Your Original Contributions do not violate the patent rights of any person or entity. You agree to hold Creative Commons harmless for any damages arising from a breach of this warranty by You. 

(2) Third Party Code or Content: If You want to contribute Code or
Content created by someone other than You ("Third Party Code" and/or
"Third Party Content"), You must agree to and comply with the
following requirements.

>a) Contributions of Third Party Code will be accepted on a
case-by-case basis in CC's sole discretion, and only under limited
circumstances. In all cases, You may only submit Third Party Code for
consideration if it is available under one of the licenses on
[this list](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html),
which are those deemed compatible with the AGPL by the Free Software
Foundation.

>b) You may contribute Third Party Content if it is available under CC
BY or CC0 (or is otherwise in the public domain).

>c) Regardless of whether the license on the Third Party Code or Third
Party Content requires such information to be retained, You must
prominently mark it to identify its source, its author, and its
licensing information.

>d) By contributing Third Party Code and/or Third Party Content, You
warrant that You have the right to contribute it to The List Project
under these terms, and that, to the best of Your knowledge, the
contribution does not violate the copyright, patent, or other legal
rights of any person or entity.

(3) If You become aware of any information or circumstance that affects
Your ability to comply with Your obligations under this Tech
Contributor Agreement, such as learning that Third Party Code You
contributed may infringe the rights of another individual or entity,
You are obligated to inform Creative Commons promptly by sending an
email to <legal@creativecommons.org>.

## Agreement and Withdrawal

If You no longer wish to participate under the terms of this Tech
Contributor Agreement for any reason, You may stop making
contributions at any time. Similarly, Creative Commons may terminate
this Agreement with You at any time, for any reason. You may not
withdraw Your Original Contributions.

*You must indicate Your agreement with this Tech Contributor Agreement by expressly indicating your agreement to these terms in your initial pull request for the List Project. You may use this text to do so: “I have read and agree to the terms of the Tech Contributor Agreement.”*

